♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase, ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, Paw patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Rubble] "Pups Save the Sea Turtles."
Look, Zuma, I'm a total kite-surfing pro.
Maybe not total, Rocky.
[laughs]
It might be more fun
if you actually get into the water, Rocky.
And get wet? Nuh-uh.
I'm more of a dry-land surfer.
[Alex] Watch out!
Excuse me. Sorry.
[Rocky] Whoa!
Whoa!
[laughing]
Oh, hey, Rocky.
Want to come out
and play volleyball with me?
[grunts]
Nice serve.
[car honks]
Wait, Alex.
[barking]
Look both ways
before you cross the road.
[car honks]
Okay.
Ball, ball, ball.
[sniffing]
Hold on.
I smell something.
[barks]
[scratching]
Sounds like something's
scratching in there.
[yelps]
[cheeping]
Whoa. A baby sea turtle.
-[scratching]
-Huh?
-[laughing]
-Aw, how cute.
[scratching]
[cheeping]
[laughs]
Wow, super mini dinosaurs.
-Cool.
-Careful.
We don't want
to accidentally step on them.
[Alex laughs]
-Aw.
-[laughing]
Alex.
Whoops. I'm going to fall!
I'm good.
There's my ball.
[laughing]
I'm worried about these turtles
getting stepped on.
I'm more worried about them
getting out to the water.
Especially with that road
and all the hungry seagulls around here.
[squawking]
How can we help these little dudes
get across the road?
[Katie] We shouldn't carry
or even touch the turtles.
They need another way to the water.
I know.
You pups go get Ryder,
and I'll keep an eye on the turtles.
Whoo-hoo! Yay!
[laughs] And Alex.
[all laugh]
Okay, Marshall, enough water.
What's that, Ryder?
Whoa! Turn off the water!
Marshall!
Oops. [barks]
-Sorry, Rubble.
-Brr!
Thanks, but my bath day was yesterday.
[Zuma and Rocky howling and barking]
Ryder, trouble at the beach.
Trouble?
-[barks]
-Whoa!
Oops.
Sorry, Rubble.
Ryder, baby sea turtles
hatching at the beach.
We got to save them
from the scooters and cars
and seagulls and stuff.
Let's go, PAW Patrol.
No job is too big.
No pup is too small.
-[beeps]
-[both laughing]
[beeps]
[grunts]
[Ryder] PAW Patrol to the Lookout.
-Ryder needs us.
-Let's go.
[howls]
[all barking]
[laughing]
Whoa!
Ow.
[chuckles]
Made it.
[elevator dings]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir.
PAW Patrol, there's a bunch
of baby turtles that need our help.
They've just hatched,
and they need to get to the water
without getting run over
by bikes, scooters, skateboards, or cars.
Chase, I need you to direct traffic
so the turtles can safely cross.
These paws uphold the laws.
Rubble, we need to build some way
for the turtles to get to the water
without crossing the road.
Rubble on the double.
All right! PAW Patrol is on a roll.
[all barking and cheering]
♪ PAW Patrol! ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[barking]
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
Whee!
-♪ Chase ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Rubble! ♪
-[howls]
♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
[tires squeal]
[sirens blaring]
[cheeps]
[squawking]
-Shoo, shoo!
-Go away!
Shoo, shoo.
Sorry, guys.
No turtle pecking for you today.
Turtles on the road.
Chase, the cars.
Chase is on the case.
[barks]
[over loudspeaker] Sorry about the detour.
This is an emergency turtle-crossing zone.
[gasps]
That's it, turtles.
Stay together and keep it moving.
Why did the turtles build their nest
all the way over here?
Turtles usually nest
in the same place every year.
They must have built nests here
even before there was a road.
Or maybe the turtles
went through this grate,
under the road, and came out
here through this tunnel.
Now it's all filled up with sand.
Can you clear that, Rubble?
Does a belly scratcher
make me flop on my back
and wriggle like a worm?
You know it does.
[barks]
[Ryder] Once the tunnel reopens,
the turtles will never
have to cross the road again.
Let's dig it.
Oh no. A storm.
The ship is going over.
Uh-oh.
What are these turtles doing
down here by the water?
Look, I saved them.
Why'd you bring the turtles back here?
They were going into the water.
That's where they belong.
-In the water?
-Yup.
Sea turtles spend
most of their lives in the water.
That's why we're digging them
a tunnel under the road,
so they can get there safely.
Oh.
I'd better put them back, then.
Wait, Alex. Remember what Katie said?
Handling the turtles is bad for them.
No person or pup should touch them.
They'll make it back on their own.
Go, little turtles! Go!
[barks]
Ugh, that opening's too small
for my rig.
Then we can't finish the tunnel?
I said my rig can't go through.
I didn't say anything about me. [barks]
-Go away, seagull!
-[squawking]
Cool.
Zuma's kite-surfy thing.
Alex Porter, kite-surfy thing champion!
Whoa!
Cool.
I'm flying.
Uh-oh.
Help! I'm flying!
Alex?
Whoa!
Don't worry. We'll get you, Alex.
[whistles]
Skye, this one's for you.
I'm on it. [barks]
This pup's got to fly.
Whoa!
Alex, steer to the beach.
But I don't have a steering wheel.
Poor Skye. [whimpers]
I can't watch.
Atta pup. I knew she'd do it.
Yay!
-[Ryder] Yay! Hooray!
-[Katie] Yay, Skye! Yay!
[Alex] That's what I'm talking about.
[laughs]
[barks]
-Yay, Skye!
-[all cheering]
-You were flying!
-You did it, Skye.
I was so worried.
I mean, uh…
Excellent flying.
Yeah. Thanks a gazillion, Skye.
You're welcome. Just doing my job.
Right there. That's it. [panting]
Rubble, you're through.
Great job. Now the turtles
will have a safe path to the bay
for years and years.
Hey, look.
[Katie] They're using the tunnel.
I knew you could do it.
Whenever there's trouble
just yelp for help.
[all cheering]
You pups totally deserve some beach time.
-[all laughing]
-♪ You're all good pups ♪
♪ And we saved the day ♪
[groans]
♪ And now it's time to play
Around Adventure Bay ♪
[Ryder] What's wrong, Alex?
There's something in my pocket.
And, ow, is he ever crabby.
Ouch!
[all laughing]
Now that's funny.
[theme music playing]